Update the procedure descriptions (#1181)
neo4j/docs-operations: modules/ROOT/pages/reference/procedures.adoc

|===
| Description
a|
Query the given full-text index. Returns the matching nodes, and their Lucene query score, ordered by score.

> Valid keys for the options map are: 'skip' to skip the top N results; 'limit' to limit the number of results returned; 'analyzer' to use the specified analyzer as search analyzer for this query.

Author: ```suggestion
Valid _key:  value_  pairs for the `options` map are: `skip: <number>` -- to skip the top N results; `limit: <number>` -- to limit the number of results returned; `analyzer: <string>` -- to use the specified analyzer as a search analyzer for this query.
The `options` map and any of the keys are optional.
An example of the `options` map: `{skip: 30, limit: 10, analyzer: 'whitespace'}`
```

> Valid keys for the options map are: 'skip' to skip the top N results; 'limit' to limit the number of results returned; 'analyzer' to use the specified analyzer as search analyzer for this query.

Author: ```suggestion
Valid _key: value_ pairs for the `options` map are: 

* `skip: <number>` -- to skip the top N results. 
* `limit: <number>` -- to limit the number of results returned. 
* `analyzer: <string>` -- to use the specified analyzer as a search analyzer for this query.
```

Author: I think, that's the best way to represent a list. The question is: is it possible to repeat this formatting in the code? Do we have to do it to prevent docs tests from failing?

Author: the answer is that we ca use the same asciidoc in the code

|===
| Description
a|
Query the given full-text index. Returns the matching relationships, and their Lucene query score, ordered by score.

> Valid keys for the options map are: 'skip' to skip the top N results; 'limit' to limit the number of results returned; 'analyzer' to use the specified analyzer as search analyzer for this query.

Author: ```suggestion
Valid _key: value_ pairs for the `options` map are: `skip: <number>` - to skip the top N results; `limit: <number>` - to limit the number of results returned; `analyzer: <string>` - to use the specified analyzer as a search analyzer for this query.
The `options` map and any of the keys are optional.
An example of the `options` map: `{skip: 30, limit: 10, analyzer: 'whitespace'}`
```

Reviewer: I do like this change.

I do not mind the use of dashes, though the hyphens should probably be em-dashes (`--`, in ascii-doc; `—`, in unicode)

However, they are using within a list format which uses "super comma" semicolons  (for lack of a better word).
These dashes probably should be _commas_ to keep the standard way of listing with sublists or with clarification within prose. We also shouldn't forget the final _and_.

```suggestion
Valid _key: value_ pairs for the `options` map are: `skip: <number>`, to skip the top N results; `limit: <number>`, to limit the number of results returned; and `analyzer: <string>`, to use the specified analyzer as a search analyzer for this query.
The `options` map and any of the keys are optional.
An example of the `options` map: `{skip: 30, limit: 10, analyzer: 'whitespace'}`
```

---

Though I am aware of the docs team's preference to avoid semicolons.
Though not my preference, perhaps we should rework this to not require the semicolons.

```suggestion
Valid _key: value_ pairs for the `options` map are: `skip: <number>` (to skip the top N results), `limit: <number>` (to limit the number of results returned), and `analyzer: <string>` (to use the specified analyzer as a search analyzer for this query).
The `options` map and any of the keys are optional.
An example of the `options` map: `{skip: 30, limit: 10, analyzer: 'whitespace'}`
```
Though I personally do not think using parentheses helps here, perhaps there is a better way, by reverting back to a more explicit list form like it was originally.

Author: TBH, I'd prefer to continue with hyphens/em-dashes (I like em-dashes even more). I think, commas will make it even more difficult to read this list, parentheses - too complicated and I don't see any reason for them.
Vertical lists are better for readability, so I'm suggesting to return to the original way of displaying those lists.

Reviewer: I agree that parantheses just make things silly.
Though I do like the comma-semicolon lists, I recognise that many are unfamiliar with them and the vertical listing is better.

We should be able to accommodate the in the doc strings.
However, I am unsure how you test the equivalence of the docstrings to that of the docs. If it is a simple plain text comparison then we can quite simply write the docstring with the exact same asciidoc

Author: Sorry for a long silence on this PR. So, as our test expert said using the same asciidoc is the best way. The testing parses asciidoc. I suggest to continue with vertical listing.

> Valid keys for the options map are: 'skip' to skip the top N results; 'limit' to limit the number of results returned; 'analyzer' to use the specified analyzer as search analyzer for this query.

Author: ```suggestion

Valid _key: value_ pairs for the `options` map are: 

* `skip: <number>` -- to skip the top N results. 
* `limit: <number>` -- to limit the number of results returned. 
* `analyzer: <string>` -- to use the specified analyzer as a search analyzer for this query.

```

|===
| Description
a|
Create a named vector index for the given label, and property with given vector dimensionality, using the given similarity function.

`vectorDimension` must be between `1` and `2048` _inclusively_.

Valid case-insensitive values for the `vectorSimilarityFunction` are:

* `"euclidean"` -- Euclidean similarity, where:
+

> image::euclidean_similarity_equation.svg["The Euclidean of vector v and vector u is defined as 1 over the quantity 1 plus the square of the l2-norm of vector v subtract vector u, which exists in the bounded set of real numbers between 0 exclusive and 1 inclusive."]

Reviewer: If we are removing the references to similarity functions here, and the images describing their mathematical representation, the images should also be removed from the repository (as I do not believe they are used elsewhere in `doc-operations`)

```
/modules/ROOT/images/cosine_similarity_equation.svg
/modules/ROOT/images/cosine_similarity_equation.tex
/modules/ROOT/images/euclidean_similarity_equation.svg
/modules/ROOT/images/euclidean_similarity_equation.tex
```

> Create a named node vector index for the given label and property for a specified vector dimensionality.

Author: ```suggestion
Create a named node vector index for the specified label and property with the given vector dimensionality using either the EUCLIDEAN or COSINE similarity function.
```

> Valid similarity functions are 'EUCLIDEAN' and 'COSINE' and are case-insensitive.

Author: Both similarity functions are case-insensitive.

> Valid similarity functions are 'EUCLIDEAN' and 'COSINE' and are case-insensitive.

Author: ```suggestion
Both similarity functions are case-insensitive.
```
